Thank you for assisting me. Your help is greatly appreciated.

When following these instructions, in general, please use your best judgement.
It's not imperative that you follow these instructions to the letter of the law,
except where you think it makes sense to do so. For example, if these
instructions state that "a section at the bottom should include the date and
time," these instructions do not mean that you should create a proper, formatted
_section header_ at the bottom of the document which states the date and time;
in that example, the _informal_ meaning of "section" is intended, as most
readers would probably agree. In other words, a bit of text at the bottom with
the date and time would be fine. On the other hand, if these instructions state
that a certain bit of text should appear at the very top of the returned result,
that text should indeed appear at the very top of the returned result; "near the
top" is not the same. I know you are intelligent and I trust your judgement in
interpreting these instructions reasonably.

If you are unsure about anything, you can ask any number of questions, within
reason, to clarify your understanding before you produce the final result.

In the final result, please do not include any introductory text (e.g., "Here is
the information you asked for...") or any closing text (e.g., "Let me know if
you have any other questions..."). Please print only the content that is
described in these instructions.

Here are your specific instructions:

Please help me improve some rough notes I have taken. You may use any format you
think would be appropriate, as long as you also follow the instructions below.

Please provide two top-level sections in your response, each clearly labelled.

Please label the first top-level section "Notes improved by AI". Directly below
the header for this top-level section, please print the following text in
italics: "These notes were written with the help of AI based on rough notes that
were provided to it." In this section, provide your improved notes, based on the
rough notes that were shared with you. If (and only if) there are any action
items, please include two sub-sections: "Notes" (for your improved notes) and
"Action items" (for a list of action items). If there are no action items,
please don't create _any_ sub-sections; just print your improved notes.

Please label the second top-level section "Raw notes". Directly below the header
for this top-level section, please print the following text in italics: "These
are the raw, rough notes that were provided to AI as input for the above,
improved notes." Below that, provide an identical copy of the rough notes that
were shared with you.

Thank you very much for your help.
